c:\users\giovanni\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShaderTest\ShaderTest\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\effect.xnb
c:\users\giovanni\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShaderTest\ShaderTest\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\frankie.xnb
c:\users\giovanni\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShaderTest\ShaderTest\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\ShaderTest.exe
c:\users\giovanni\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShaderTest\ShaderTest\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\ShaderTest.pdb
c:\users\giovanni\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShaderTest\ShaderTest\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\giovanni\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShaderTest\ShaderTest\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\giovanni\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShaderTest\ShaderTest\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\giovanni\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShaderTest\ShaderTest\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\giovanni\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShaderTest\ShaderTest\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\giovanni\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShaderTest\ShaderTest\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\giovanni\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShaderTest\ShaderTest\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\giovanni\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShaderTest\ShaderTest\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\giovanni\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShaderTest\ShaderTest\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
c:\users\giovanni\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShaderTest\ShaderTest\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\giovanni\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShaderTest\ShaderTest\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\giovanni\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShaderTest\ShaderTest\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\giovanni\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShaderTest\ShaderTest\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\giovanni\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShaderTest\ShaderTest\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\giovanni\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShaderTest\ShaderTest\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\giovanni\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShaderTest\ShaderTest\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\giovanni\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShaderTest\ShaderTest\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\giovanni\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShaderTest\ShaderTest\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\giovanni\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShaderTest\ShaderTest\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
c:\users\giovanni\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShaderTest\ShaderTest\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\giovanni\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShaderTest\ShaderTest\obj\x86\Debug\ShaderTest.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\giovanni\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShaderTest\ShaderTest\obj\x86\Debug\ShaderTest.exe
c:\users\giovanni\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShaderTest\ShaderTest\obj\x86\Debug\ShaderTest.pdb
c:\users\giovanni\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShaderTest\ShaderTest\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Stage 1.xnb
